I'm gonna race argent Hartman your
senior drillers bucket
what's your name scumbag are you shut up
are you nervous good one right I'll bet
you're the kind of guy that would fuck a
person in the ass and not even have the
goddamn common courtesy to give him a
reach-around
you got a ghost mate you're so funny huh
you talkin sharp you mind shutting up or
you just like you just fuckin are you
needed private Pyle you had best square
your ass away and start shitting me
Tiffany cuff links hogs go bitch do you
suck dicks dicks I'll bet you're the
kind of guy that would fuck a person in
the ass and not even have the goddamn
common courtesy to give him a
reach-around hot I'll bet you're the
kind of guy that would fuck a person in
the ass and not even have the goddamn
common courtesy to give him a
reach-around I don't know what you said
in that voice message sorry hey
you will speak only when spoken to and
the first and last words understand that
don't fuck with me again I'll meet ya
what's your name scumbag fuck off so
make he talkin enough holy shit fuck
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
James your mum last night I actually do
add your mum
oh shut the fuck up cunt
hey Emma so I'm just gonna meet you now
cuz you're fucking annoying
[Music]